# Concepts

* Account based marketing
* Auto generate a presentation
* Correlation of events with revenue
* Lift generated by ads (a/b testing)
* Uploading emails for a custom audience
* Cross device tracking
* Need thousands of people to create a lookalike audience.
* Best ad can outperform the worst one 10 to 1.
* Can also try to enable the sales exec with ads and outbound, but algo's should do better

## Facebook marketing

1. Lift testing
1. Cross device
1. Custom audience
1. Three value props times three creatives. 10x difference
1. Can't do more than five impressions of same creative
1. Vertical video. Half of it subtitles so it works with the sound off. Grab in first three seconds.
1. Drop pixel on landing page and conversion
1. Product video to broad audience
1. Solicit click with features to video viewers
1. Re target people that clicked
1. Wish does well. Staged retargeting telling a story.
1. We should measure our cac vs iavc per channel.
1. Try to correlate spend with outcomes.
1. Tell Facebook what you want: probably conversions. Machine learning with 200k inputs
1. Last week of the quarter you get outbid by brands spending money.
1. The more you spend the worse the marginal outcome.

## Cross department metrics

Cross department metrics are essential to measure our [journeys](/handbook/journeys).

## Department metrics

### Sales

1. Incremental ACV
1. ARR
1. TCV
1. ARR
1. Renewal rate
1. Win rate and time for every sale stage and the overall process.
1. Time to close
1. Pipeline created
1. Pipeline Requirement Projection
1. [Sales efficiency (above 0.8)](http://tomtunguz.com/magic-numbers/)
1. [Pipeline coverage (above 3)](https://pipetop.com/saas-glossary/sales-terms/sales-pipeline-coverage/)
1. Up-sell (EES to EEP, EEP to EEU)
1. Average deal size

### Peopleops

1. Inbound applications per week
1. Interviews per applicant
1. eNPS score of team members
1. Applicant score per requirement and value
1. Declined applicant NPS score
1. Offer accept rate
1. Accepted offers/hires
1. Cycle time (apply to accepted offer)
1. Terminations (Voluntary regrettable, Voluntary PIP, Involuntary)
1. Share of people on PIPs

### Marketing

1. Visitors to the website
1. Downloads
1. MQL
1. SQL
1. Blended CAC
1. Program spend / Total spend (above 0.5)
1. Conversion percentages, cycle time, and CAC per channel
1. New contributers from the wider community per release/month

### Engineering

1. Merge requests (total, community, ours)
1. Cycle time
1. Time to review
1. Bug fixes (cherry-picks into stable)

### Finance

1. Order to cash time
1. Runway (above 12 months)
1. [40 rule (above 40%)](http://www.feld.com/archives/2015/02/rule-40-healthy-saas-company.html)
1. [Magic number (above 0.7)](https://davidcummings.org/2009/09/21/saas-magic-number/)

### Product

1. A/B test new features
1. Money made with new features
1. Re-tweets for release tweet
1. Usage per feature
1. Usage stats
1. Bottlenecks to increased customer sophistication

Many of the metrics you would normally track outside of the product we collect inside of the product so it is also useful to our self hosted users. This includes cohort analytics, conversational development analytics, and cycle time analytics.
